,source,title,discreption,date
0,CNBC,Ukraine has raised more than $54 million as bitcoin donations pour in to support the war against Russia,Donations in cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin and ethereum are pouring into Ukraine as the war with Russia enters its second week. · Since Moscow invaded on Feb.,3 mars 2022
1,CoinDesk,Swiss City of Lugano to Make Bitcoin and Tether 'De Facto' Legal Tender,"Aiming to become Europe's Bitcoin capital, Lugano, Switzerland, has formed a partnership with stablecoin issuer Tether to establish bitcoin, Tether and...",3 mars 2022
2,Nasdaq,"Lugano, Switzerland Will Make Bitcoin Legal Tender","Lugano will also 'roll the red carpet' for Bitcoin and blockchain businesses and enthusiasts to relocate to the city. The city of Lugano, Switzerland,...",3 mars 2022
3,Cointelegraph,"The city of Lugano will accept Bitcoin, Tether and LVGA tokens as 'de facto' legal tender","The city of Lugano will accept Bitcoin, Tether and LVGA tokens as 'de facto' legal tender. Residents of the Switzerland city will be able to pay taxes, parking...",3 mars 2022
4,ZyCrypto,Bitcoin Accumulation Addresses Going Parabolic Despite Geopolitical Tensions,The highly bullish metric is coming on the back of increased on-chain activity. The price of Bitcoin has been staging an impressive upsurge amid geopolitical...,3 mars 2022
5,Journal Du Coin,Bruno Le Maire veut mettre en cage Bitcoin de toute urgence ...,"Bruno Le Maire critique Bitcoin pour sa décentralisation et sa neutralité. La capacité, et même la simple volonté, de la Russie d'utiliser Bitcoin et les...",3 mars 2022
6,NPR,El Salvador's president is taking a massive risk on Bitcoin,"SACHA PFEIFFER, HOST: The president of El Salvador is making a huge bet on bitcoin with his country's treasury. President Nayib Bukele hopes to borrow a billion...",3 mars 2022
7,Business Today,"Is Bitcoin replacing gold, oil to become 'Store of Value' of the digital age?","Bitcoin, despite not having any practical applications like gold or oil, has intrinsically emerged as a store of value due to its durability and scarcity.",3 mars 2022
8,Bitcoin.com News,Billionaire Bill Miller Shares Current Crypto Outlook: 'It's Very ...,Veteran investor and fund manager Bill Miller explains why he thinks that it is currently “very bullish for bitcoin.” Miller noted that Russia has almost...,3 mars 2022
9,Journal Du Coin,"Analyse du marché global - 2022, l'année du Bitcoin ?",Bitcoin. Analyse macro-économique de Bitcoin. Vous n'êtes probablement pas sans savoir qu'un conflit opposant la Russie à l'Ukraine a...,3 mars 2022
10,Forbes,Sanctioned Russian Oligarchs And Billionaires ‘Have Only One Option’—Bitcoin,"The bitcoin price has seen its price surge by over 20% during the last week. Coinbase. This week, the U.K. announced economic sanctions designed to cripple...",3 mars 2022
11,CoinDesk,Bitcoin Analysts Ponder Impact as Oil at Highest Price Since 2008,"Bitcoin (BTC) is an inflation hedge, right? That's what a lot of crypto analysts say. So, theoretically, the bitcoin market would get a boost as Russia's...",3 mars 2022
12,Bitcoin Magazine,Using Poop And Biogas To Mine Bitcoin,"Mining Bitcoin With Human Waste: The Orange Future Of Wastewater Treatment ... Bitcoin mining seeks the cheapest energy available, which is frequently the...",3 mars 2022
13,City A.M.,Mexico being lined up as next nation for full Bitcoin adoption,"Samson Mow, chief strategy officer with Blockstream, announced his departure from the timechain specialist which has been working on Bitcoin bonds with El...",3 mars 2022
14,The Wall Street Journal,How Bitcoin and a Crypto Exchange Became Part of Ukraine's ...,"How Bitcoin and a Crypto Exchange Became Part of Ukraine's War Effort · Kuna, Ukraine's largest crypto exchange, has emerged as central hub for the country's...",3 mars 2022
15,CoinDesk,Why Charles Schwab Is Prepping Its First Crypto Product,"Clients approved for futures trading can trade bitcoin futures, too, Schwab said. Focused on equities instead of coins, Schwab's ETF avoids the regulatory...",3 mars 2022
16,Chron,"Texas bitcoin mining booms, but sustainability, grid concerns ...",Texas has the third highest carbon emissions related to Bitcoin mining in the U.S.. agnormark/Getty Images/iStockphoto. Texas politicians have recently courted...,3 mars 2022
17,CryptoPotato,"Bitcoin Price Analysis: Despite The Correction, Long-term Accumulation Indicator Just Flashed","Bitcoin Price Analysis: Despite The Correction, Long-term Accumulation Indicator Just Flashed · Technical Analysis · Onchain Analysis: Realized Cap – UTXO Age...",3 mars 2022
18,Bitcoin.com News,Square Enix to Bring Dungeon Siege IP to The Sandbox ...,"Bitcoin.com does not provide investment, tax, legal, or accounting advice. Neither the company nor the author is responsible, directly or indirectly,...",3 mars 2022
19,Journal Du Coin,Morgan Stanley investit dans Bitcoin à grands coups de ...,"Ils s'accaparent tous les bitcoins – Bien qu'en façade, beaucoup de banquiers critiquent encore la volatilité de Bitcoin (BTC), ce n'est pas du tout la même...",3 mars 2022
20,Bitcoin.com News,"Study: 77% of Saudis Aware of Cryptocurrencies, Only 18 ...","Bitcoin.com does not provide investment, tax, legal, or accounting advice. Neither the company nor the author is responsible, directly or indirectly,...",3 mars 2022
21,Ithaca Times,Bitcoin mining moratorium bill garners more support,Two more state assembly members have signed on as cosponsors to a piece of legislation that would place a three-year moratorium on Bitcoin mining statewide.,3 mars 2022
22,Bloomberg.com,Coinbase ($COIN) CEO Says Russians Use Bitcoin (BTC ...,"Coinbase CEO Says Ordinary Russians Using Bitcoin as 'Lifeline' · The exchange isn't banning all Russian users, Armstrong says · Armstrong: People deserve access...",3 mars 2022
23,Dakota News Now,Sioux Falls Bitcoin teaching cryptocurrency to newcomers,"SIOUX FALLS, S.D. (Dakota News Now) - Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies are becoming more commonplace in our economics. People in our area can get a grasp on the...",3 mars 2022
24,La Depeche,"""Vous pouvez acheter une côte de bœuf en bitcoin"" : dans le ...","Le Bitcoin, l'Ethereum, le Dogecoin… Les cryptomonnaies ont le vent en poupe et le phénomène n'épargne pas Montauban. Après avoir ouvert leur magasin, en...",3 mars 2022
