,source,title,discreption,date
0,CNBC,Exxon is mining bitcoin in North Dakota as part of its plan to slash emissions,"ExxonMobil has been working with Denver-based Crusoe Energy Systems to mine bitcoin in North Dakota for over a year, according to people with knowledge of...",26 mars 2022
1,Nasdaq,Is Miner Concentration Once Again Jeopardizing Bitcoin? Not ...,"Bitcoin mining pool concentration. Another threat to bitcoin's decentralization is a handful of mining pools controlling too much hashrate. “Mining pools are,...",26 mars 2022
2,MARCA,Bitcoin: How much do miners make a day?,Bitcoin mining became one of the well-paid hobbies for early crypto adopters. Miners had a chance to earn 50 Bitcoins every 10 minutes.,26 mars 2022
3,Nasdaq,Exploring The Correlation Between Bitcoin Price And Google ...,There is evidence from Google Trends to suggest that internet searches for Bitcoin price can help predict major market movements to the upside.,26 mars 2022
4,Reveal from The Center for Investigative Reporting,Can Our Climate Survive Bitcoin? - Reveal,Bitcoin's huge carbon footprint has people asking whether cryptocurrency can go green. Bitcoin advocates say it can switch to renewable energy. Others are...,26 mars 2022
5,Finbold,Multi-millionaire Kevin O'Leary says Bitcoin won't be banned ...,“There's no chance that we're going to be banning Bitcoin or anything else that holds economic promise in terms of developing new technologies for financial...,26 mars 2022
6,Sierra Club,Crypto Throws the Coal Industry a Lifeline,"Bitcoin miners turn to dirty coal to satisfy their enormous energy needs ... The Scrubgrass Generating Plant in Venango County, Pennsylvania, tucked into a thick...",26 mars 2022
7,The Guardian Nigeria,Understanding bitcoin and crypto wallets | The Guardian ...,"Bitcoin facilitates faster, secure, and relatively cheaper cross-border money transfers. However, one must have a good crypto wallet to transact Bitcoin. If you...",26 mars 2022
8,TheStreet,Bitcoin vs. Ethereum: What's the Difference?,"Bitcoin is the most popular cryptocurrency, while ethereum is a global computing platform powered by its native cryptocurrency, ether, which is the second most...",26 mars 2022
9,Journal Du Coin,Bitcoin le 26 mars 2022 - Suspense autour de la résistance ...,"Tout ceci nous incite à voir le verre à moitié plein, même si le spectre de l'ours russe ne doit pas être écarté. Cette analyse du cours de Bitcoin vous est...",26 mars 2022
10,Bitcoin.com News,PUBG Developer Krafton Partners With Solana Labs to Build ...,"12 days later, average ether fees are close to dropping below $10 per transaction and median-sized ... read more. Today's Top Ethereum and Bitcoin Mining...",26 mars 2022
11,Outlook India,"1% TDS On Bitcoin, Ethereum, Other Virtual Digital Assets; What Does It Mean?","Last night, Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said that the Indian government has decided to impose a 1 per cent tax at source (TDS) on the transfer of...",26 mars 2022
12,Bitcoin.com News,Survey: Cryptocurrency Adoption to Grow Significantly This ...,"A bitcoin ATM operator has been indicted in New York for running an illegal business ""marketed towards individuals engaged in criminal activity.",26 mars 2022
13,Altcoin Buzz,How To Install The Talisman Wallet - Bitcoin & Crypto Guide,"Using the wallet interface, users can store, send/ receive, and manage Polkadot ecosystem coins. It also allows you to connect with Polkadot testnets. It is...",26 mars 2022
