,source,title,discreption,date
0,CNBC,Bitcoin up 8% after Biden announces executive order on cryptocurrencies,Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies were higher on Wednesday after President Joe Biden announced his highly anticipated executive order on digital assets.,9 mars 2022
1,New York Post,Bitcoin surges after Biden signs executive order on cryptocurrencies,Bitcoin surged by more than 9% on Wednesday after President Biden signed an executive order directing federal agencies to look into regulations for...,9 mars 2022
2,Vox,"Joe Biden’s new crypto executive order, explained","While a digital dollar wouldn't be quite as volatile as bitcoin is, the logistics of using it would likely be similar: Like crypto, a government-backed digital...",9 mars 2022
3,The Daily Signal,Are Bitcoin and Other Forms of Cryptocurrency the Future of ...,Cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin and ethereum are popping up everywhere. But many Americans may not completely understand what they are.,9 mars 2022
4,The Daily Hodl,Trader Who Accurately Predicted Massive Bitcoin Crash Issues Alert As Crypto Markets Pop,A veteran trader who burst on the crypto scene after accurately calling Bitcoin's 2018 collapse is updating his outlook on the top cryptocurrency.,9 mars 2022
5,CNBC,"Why Bill Gates warns against investing in Bitcoin: 'If you have less money than Elon, watch out'","In a resurfaced interview from February 2021, the billionaire Microsoft co-founder told Bloomberg Technology that he was wary of the frenzy over Bitcoin,...",9 mars 2022
6,Moneycontrol,Elon Musk's conspiracy theory tweet on Bitcoin founder 'Satoshi Nakamoto' is viral,"Tech billionaire Elon Musk has added fuel to fire with his tweet on Bitcoin developer 'Satoshi Nakamoto'. Musk, a cryptocurrency endorser, tweeted that the...",9 mars 2022
7,Finbold,Bitcoin's average daily trading volume is almost 60% higher ...,"Most recently, this growth has been most visibly experienced by Bitcoin (BTC), with an average daily trading volume that has surpassed Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL)...",9 mars 2022
8,Markets Insider,Michael Saylor says bitcoin is the only global scarcity and snubs gold,"Satoshi Nakamoto, the anonymous creator of bitcoin, designed it to have a hard cap of 21 million tokens that can ever be mined. Because of the limited supply,...",9 mars 2022
9,Analytics Insight,"Ethereum, BNB, Bitcoin Had a Major Price Drop - Here's ...","Ethereum, BNB, and Bitcoin are among the largest cryptocurrencies that slipped, they are still struggling to come out of the dip.",9 mars 2022
10,Forbes,"Biden’s Crypto Executive Order Puts ‘Urgency’ On Digital Dollar Research And Fuels Bitcoin, Ether Prices","... Puts 'Urgency' On Digital Dollar Research And Fuels Bitcoin, Ether Prices ... major cryptocurrencies, including bitcoin and ether, pare recent losses.",9 mars 2022
11,CoinGeek,Bitcoin mining and monopoly,Read the full piece here. Does professionalization and specialization of bitcoin mining result in monopoly? A short answer is “no.” Professionalization and...,9 mars 2022
12,Analytics Insight,"Bitcoin, BNB, Polkadot, and Evergrow Coin Prices Recovers ...",Crypto price analysis is essential to drive profit in crypto wallets. Bitcoin has ended a week of falling prices with slight gains over the last 24 hours. The...,9 mars 2022
13,CoinDesk,‘People Will Get Burned’: Matt Odell on the Long Road to Bitcoin Privacy,"With Bitcoin, you do not explicitly have a name attached to your Bitcoin addresses or when sending transactions. But every transaction does get recorded in this...",9 mars 2022
14,Willamette Week,Everybody Went Ape for Cryptocurrency. Here's Some Sane ...,"Now, bitcoin. Unlike the dollar and other “fiat” currencies, the number of bitcoins is limited to 21 million, once they are all unlocked by “miners” who...",9 mars 2022
15,Bitcoin Magazine,Bitcoin Tax Reporting Nightmare 2023,"It's important to remember that bitcoin is fundamentally different from stocks and securities. Bitcoin is designed to be easily transferable, whether you are...",9 mars 2022
16,Yahoo Finance,What Biden’s Crypto Order Means For Bitcoin ETFs,What Biden's Crypto Order Means For Bitcoin ETFs ... President Joe Biden on Wednesday ordered the most wide-reaching effort yet by the federal government to study...,9 mars 2022
17,CryptoPotato,Third-Largesst Bitcoin Whale Buys BTC Worth $28 Million at $38.4K,"The third-largest Bitcoin whale bought another 730 BTC at an average price of about $38.4K in the past two days alone. The third-largest Bitcoin whale,...",9 mars 2022
18,Seeking Alpha,Ecoark's Bitcoin miner business Agora Digital to hold IPO,"Bitcoin miner Agora Digital Holdings (DEFY), which is majority-owned by Ecoark Holdings (NASDAQ:ZEST), has filed to hold an initial public offering.",9 mars 2022
19,NewsBTC,"Bitcoin Breaks Above $40K Again, But When Will Consolidation End?",Consolidation continues to be the name of the game. But how soon will this come to an end? Bitcoin Is Still Consolidating. Bitcoin has continued to consolidate...,9 mars 2022
20,Financial Post,"Police have turned crypto seized from trucker convoy over to escrow agent, court told","Ontario's justice ministry seized some of the bitcoin raised in a donation drive in support of the Ottawa trucker protest, but ultimately gave up control of...",9 mars 2022
21,BeInCrypto,RSI for Bitcoin Dominance Rate (BTCD) Crosses Into Bullish ...,"The Bitcoin dominance rate (BTCD) has nearly reached an important diagonal resistance level, which could cause a short-term rejection.",9 mars 2022
22,Cryptoast,Un analyste du Credit Suisse prédit un nouvel ordre monétaire qui pourrait bénéficier à Bitcoin (BTC),"Zoltan Pozsar estime en effet que cette crise économique pourrait bénéficier au Bitcoin (BTC) : « Après cette guerre, l' » argent » ne sera plus jamais le même…",9 mars 2022
23,The Wall Street Journal,Mainstream Hedge Funds Pour Billions of Dollars Into Crypto,"Brevan Howard launched a cryptocurrency hedge fund in January that will begin accepting outside investors. The fund is making bets on the direction of bitcoin,...",9 mars 2022
24,Bitcoinist,American Billionaire Ken Griffin To Offer Cryptocurrency Services Through Citadel Securities | Bitcoinist.com,"With the performance of several prominent digital assets such as Bitcoin, Ethereum, Dogecoin, Tether, Ripple, and others, the perception of cryptocurrency...",9 mars 2022
25,Techpoint Africa,"African Crypto Startup, Basqet Launches Payment Gateway to ...","Recently, blockchain payments startup Basqet announced the launch of its cryptocurrency payments gateway which will allow businesses to accept Bitcoin and other...",9 mars 2022
26,The Motley Fool,Forget Dividend Stocks: This Bitcoin ETF Has Yields of Over ...,"Before you consider Purpose Bitcoin Yield Etf, you'll want to hear this. Our market-beating analyst team just revealed what they believe are the 5 best stocks...",9 mars 2022
27,Livecoins,"Fazendo piada, Elon Musk sugere grande conspiração sobre criador do Bitcoin","Quem criou o Bitcoin? A primeira resposta para essa pergunta é: Satoshi Nakamoto, mas quem é a pessoa por trás do nome? Existem várias teorias de quem pode...",9 mars 2022
