,source,title,discreption,date
0,NewsBTC,Billionaire Investor Says Crypto Outlook Is ‘Very Bullish’ For Bitcoin,Miller likens Bitcoin to digital gold when it comes to the digital currency. Other cryptos are simply “adventure investments” since they lack the uniqueness of...,5 mars 2022
1,River Valley Now,SCAM ALERT: Beware of 'Bitcoin Mining' post scams on social ...,This began as user accounts were hacked by scammers who sent out fake posts and messages asking friends and followers to send money using Bitcoin – a type of...,5 mars 2022
2,Bitcoin.com News,Citadel Plans to Start Making Markets in Crypto in Coming ...,"Citadel CEO Ken Griffin, a bitcoin skeptic, admits he has not been right on his ... He also said: “I get very worried that people that are buying bitcoins...",5 mars 2022
3,Bitcoin.com News,Rich Dad Poor Dad's Robert Kiyosaki Advises Investors How ...,Bitcoin is part of his strategy. He also praised the Ukrainian government for standing up to Russian President Vladimir Putin. Robert Kiyosaki on Profiting From...,5 mars 2022
4,Bitcoin.com News,Fast-Food Chain Shake Shack Trials Bitcoin Rewards for ...,"The American fast-food restaurant chain Shake Shack is giving bitcoin rewards to customers leveraging Cash App's debit card payment rail, Cash Card.",5 mars 2022
5,Bitcoin Magazine,Bitcoin And Trust Are Equally Unavoidable,"PGP, like Bitcoin, is made possible by public key cryptography. Initially, I assumed basic cryptography was enough to authenticate and prevent tampering of...",5 mars 2022
6,CryptoPotato,Justin Bieber’s Manager Sold His Mansion for $18.5 Million in Bitcoin: Report,"A House in Exchange for Bitcoin. Similar to other market niches, cryptocurrencies have become an important feature in the real estate business. According to a...",5 mars 2022
7,Yahoo Finance,2 Cryptocurrencies to Buy for Recovery Instead of Bitcoin (CRYPTO:BTC),"Bitcoin, however, grew once and topped at about 122%. ... it's also a great Bitcoin alternative to capitalize on the crypto recovery.",5 mars 2022
8,Cryptoast,La chaîne de fast-food Shake Shack va offrir du Bitcoin (BTC) à ses clients,"Il sera bientôt possible d'obtenir du Bitcoin (BTC) en passant commande pour un menu hamburger-frites. Effectivement, la chaîne de restauration rapide Shake...",5 mars 2022
9,The Motley Fool,Can You Buy Crypto Through a Roth IRA?,"Bitcoin goes down, the opposite happens. There's going to be more and more products coming to market in the crypto space. There are almost every week that will...",5 mars 2022
10,Presse-citron,Pourquoi le minage du bitcoin devient une aberration ...,Le minage du bitcoin n'a jamais vraiment eu bonne presse. Il est en effet régulièrement pointé du doigt pour les émissions importantes de gaz à effet de...,5 mars 2022
11,Nairametrics,"Thousands of traders liquidated, Bitcoin loses 3K as investors run to strong dollar","Over the past week, the crypto market has been volatile with Bitcoin losing $3K in hours as oil rose more than 20% and a whole host of other commodities...",5 mars 2022
