,source,title,discreption,date
0,Analytics Insight,Will Bitcoin Take Two More Years to Breakthrough US$70k ...,"Expert says Bitcoin will rally from the latest cryptocurrency crash to hit a new record high of US$75,000 by the end of this year. The Largest Crypto...",29 mai 2022
1,Ethereum World News,A Stunning JP Morgan Chart Hints that Bitcoin is Acting A Lot Like Gold,Bitcoin's market cap and that of Gold could eventually equalize as they serve the same purpose. But Bitcoin's volatility hinders its market cap from growing to...,29 mai 2022
2,BeInCrypto,Et si le Bitcoin commençait à se décorréler au marché des ...,"Du coup, le Bitcoin commençait à se corriger au même moment que les indices boursiers de Wall Street baissaient eux aussi. Cette situation allait même durer...",29 mai 2022
3,Interesting Engineering,Next Pampa 2.0: The world's first Crypto building with a Bitcoin ...,"Dealing with Bitcoin's price fluctuations. Next Pampa 2.0 was created by Newlink Capital, an investment group in Argentina that owns Landium, the real estate...",29 mai 2022
4,Bitcoin.com News,"Belarus Has Seized Millions of Dollars in Crypto, Chief ...","The bitcoin market has opened the door to pay countries what they need to open ... to them to repurpose, resell, to create their own bitcoin crypto bubble.",29 mai 2022
5,Decrypt,Could Quantum Computers Defeat Bitcoin? Not So Fast.,"Not So Fast. Quantum computers could one day crack Bitcoin's encryption, but it's more likely cryptography will outwit new generations of supercomputers.",29 mai 2022
6,Nasdaq,"The Bitcoin-Stock Market Decoupling Isn't Happening Yet, but ...","Bitcoin is a unique macro asset like no other. CoinDesk Research. For the record, correlation simply means how much two measures vary together, divided by how...",29 mai 2022
7,Bitcoin.com News,Free-to-Mint NFT Collection Goblintown Is Now Worth Over ...,Jamie Redman is the News Lead at Bitcoin.com News and a financial tech journalist living in Florida. Redman has been an active member of the cryptocurrency...,29 mai 2022
8,Overclockers.ru,"10 лучших сайтов с бесплатной криптовалютой Bitcoin, Doge, Shiba Inu и другие","10 лучших сайтов с бесплатной криптовалютой Bitcoin, Doge, Shiba Inu и другие. Бесплатная криптовалюта - Bitcoin, Doge, Shiba Inu, Polkadot и другие.",29 mai 2022
